HSH-238: Save individual SampleQC plots for each metric and superpopulation (#41)
wtsi-hgi/wes-qc: docs/wes-qc-hail.md

The script outputs the full list of samples with calculated metrics
(the `stratified_sample_qc`:`output_text_file` config parameter),
statistics, and outlier intervals for all metrics in JSON format
(the `stratified_sample_qc`:`output_globals_json_file` config parameter).

The script plots distribution histograms for all metrics, and

> saves it the folder defined by `plot_sample_qc_metrics`:`plot_outdir`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
saves them in the folder defined by the `plot_sample_qc_metrics`:`plot_outdir`
```
